[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>LISA GARR: If you
don't honor yourself
with every fiber of
your being, if you could
use more joyful play and
simple presence in your life,
and who doesn't, then maybe it's
time for an inner revolution.
There is a movement
happening, and it's
called the Warrior
Goddess Movement,
and it's being led by my
guest HeatherAsh Amara.
After studying women's
studies at UC Davis,
HeatherAsh apprenticed with
two really incredible women,
a shamanic healer and
a Wiccan priestess.
And she found her
calling to wake up women
all over the world to
reclaim their power.
Hi, I'm Lisa Garr
and joining me is
the author of "Warrior Goddess
Training," HeatherAsh Amara.
Thank you for joining me.
>>HEATHERASH AMARA: Thank you.
It's great to be here.
>>LISA: Yes.
So tell me, how did you
get into such a passion
for helping women?
Tell me a little bit about
where you were raised.
>>AMARA: I was raised
in Southeast Asia
and traveled all over
the world as a kid.
And when I first came to the
United States to go to college,
I had the sense of like,
something is not right here.
I felt really disconnected.
And I got into politics
really big for a couple years.
And two years in,
my feeling was,
I'm angry all my friends are
angry, nothing is changing.
And that's when I
started studying
different spiritual traditions.
And that was just a
revolution because I realized
there was all of this
history around women
being in power and connected
and the divine feminine.
And that was really
the introduction for me
of wanting to share these
teachings with other women.
>>LISA: It had to come
from somewhere, though.
When you were experiencing
Southeast Asia, and so forth,
were you noticing women
weren't treated well,
or was there an
experience that you had?
>>AMARA: No, the experience
I had was interesting.
When I was seven years old,
we were in India, my family.
And I remember walking
down the street,
and there was this little
girl who's about seven
that was walking towards me.
And she was in rags and bare
feet and our eyes locked.
And everything disappeared
except for this little girl,
and we totally fell
in love with each,
other everything else went away.
And I realized
there's no separation.
And then we passed
and she was gone.
And it changed my life,
and then I forgot about it.
>>LISA: Yeah, yeah, as
moments like that happen.
>>AMARA: As moments
like that happen.
And then at some point
it came back to me,
and I realized that,
especially for women,
it's so important for us,
we're so disconnected often,
and we can be so
competitive with each other
that that sense of really
deep ageless connection,
which is true with
all humans, is
something that is incredibly
important for women
to come back to.
>>LISA: So you went
through this great phase
of going through activism, and
then studying women's studies.
And how did you meet
your two mentors?
>>AMARA: One of them was
introduced to me for a friend.
And I love how I met her.
My best friend and I, Autumn,
we went to the UC Davis Library,
we checked out every book
we could on women's studies,
women's spirituality,
Earth-based spirituality,
carried it back to our dorms and
spent the summer reading them.
And then we decided--
mostly we're studying
European shamanism and ritual
and ceremony and the cycles
of the moon, and we were like,
let's do a ceremony,
let's invite someone
to do a ceremony.
And we had heard of this
woman named Star Hawk,
and she was totally
not available.
I mean, she's a
super busy person.
But someone said,
well, you should
meet this woman
whose name is Ahrim.
and she does stuff like this.
And she was a solo
practitioner at the time.
We basically
knocked on her door,
like, hi, we want
to study with you.
And she then introduced
me to Vicki Noble.
So she was one of my first
portals into this world.
And Vicki Noble is just
an exceptional author
and shamanic healer.
>>LISA: So your soul
was looking for this.
>>AMARA: Yes, yearning.
Yes.
>>LISA: It's a great
example, and you followed it.
And the doors kept opening.
>>AMARA: Exactly.
>>LISA: And led from
one person to the next.
Now what is the Wiccan art,
tell us a little bit about that?
>>AMARA: The word Wicca
means to bend or shape.
So that word, if you think
about the word willow,
is connected to learning to
work with the energy of nature
and of life.
And we tend to live
in a very linear world
where, if you do this and this
and this, this will happen.
Whereas our ancestors, the
people that were more in touch
with nature, lived
in a cyclical way.
You knew when to plant because
you're paying attention
to the seasons.
You knew about death because
it was happening constantly.
And so there was
that word Wicca then
is about coming back
into harmony with nature.
>>LISA: Why did a Wiccan
or any type of priestess
get a negative
connotation associated?
Where did that come from?
>>AMARA: Now, pre-Christian--
Christianity, many of the women
were healers and midwives
and were deeply connected
to their communities.
And when Christianity started
coming in, what happened
is the women that had power were
killed during the Inquisition,
and the power was
taken back to the men.
And you it's not
connected to Christianity,
but that is how it
went down, basically.
And so there was this
just devastation.
I mean, there are
villages in Europe where
every single woman was killed.
>>LISA: Right.
>>AMARA: In the village.
>>LISA: And they
were said to have
been doing black magic
or bad things, and yeah.
>>AMARA: Yeah.
And basically it was things
like they were healers,
they were the midwives,
they were independent women.
>>LISA: And so
out of this phase,
when you started
studying this, did
you connect to any
of that pain at all?
>>AMARA: Absolutely.
And I realized
that so many of us
women keep ourselves small
because we have memory
of our ancestors or
of a past in our DNA.
And so there's this fear
that a lot of women have--
I know I had to go through it--
of if I claimed my power, if I
really step back into my power
and share who I really am,
I'm going to get killed or
people aren't going to like me
or I'm going to be abandoned.
>>LISA: It manifested
itself in the '50s.
>>AMARA: Yeah.
>>LISA: You just stay quiet.
>>AMARA: You stay quiet, you
stay small, you stay nice.
>>LISA: And you support,
and you hold up.
And many, many women
loved that position,
but there were also those
that were Rosie the Riveter,
and those that really
wanted to claim power.
>>AMARA: Exactly.
>>LISA: And so is this,
though, where we maybe
learned we're not enough
or to be subservient
or maybe to be more agreeable.
>>AMARA: Absolutely.
There was what I
call domestication,
that women are taught
you're safe if you're small,
you're quiet, you're nice.
And it's much easier to
control women and anybody,
any group of peoples, if
their self-worth isn't intact.
If you keep pulling that
self-worth and saying,
you're not enough, you're
not doing it right,
you need to be in service,
that's what your DNA says
or that's who you're
program to be,
then of course you start
to believe I'm not worthy
unless I'm in service,
unless I'm helping others,
unless I'm pleasurable.
>>LISA: It's still
happening today.
>>AMARA: Absolutely.
>>LISA: There's a
study that I heard
about on the news
about equal pay
and how women had been more
agreeable to a lesser pay,
and it was more
acceptable for women
to be more agreeable to, OK,
I'll take that less amount,
I'll get it and
I'll prove myself,
and then I'll make more money.
And that's very common in this
study across the board, that's
what the women did.
>>AMARA: Yeah, yeah.
And that feels safe.
It feels like, well, I'll
just be quiet and nice
and then maybe I'll get
something that I want.
But it doesn't work
that way, we have
to learn to find our power
to step back into our voice
and to get solid
again with ourselves,
so we're advocating
for ourselves.
And what I see with women is
we tend to abandon ourselves
constantly.
I think that's one of the--
>>LISA: Abandon ourselves?
>>AMARA: Hallmarks of what
we're working with as women
right now.
>>LISA: What does
that look like?
>>AMARA: Many of us have this
image of what we should be,
this image of perfection.
And it's a conglomerate of
all the things we've learned.
And so we're constantly
comparing ourselves
to who we think
we're supposed to be
and finding ourselves at fault,
finding ourselves less than.
And because of that,
we abandon ourselves.
Because instead of
saying, hi, sweetie, OK,
what do you need right
now, what would serve you,
we're like, who am I supposed
to be for this other person.
>>LISA: Well, if I could
look generationally,
going back to my
mother's generation,
she had to have this perfect
home and have the husband
and so forth.
And she really tried
to make it work--
all the things
were breaking down,
my father was in
the Vietnam War,
she was trying to make
it perfect for the kids--
where it wasn't.
And we could see that.
But fast forward to
me having a daughter
and that generation
of young people
these days could care less.
I mean, a lot of them
are like, whatever,
this is the new perfect
and here's the new face.
But there's also a
sense of it going along
with social media, of this
is we're supposed to look.
>>AMARA: Yeah, it's intense
with the social media.
Because of course
everyone's posting the best
and not sharing life.
>>LISA: Yeah.
>>AMARA: Life is messy.
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
And I think about it
this way, for women,
then, if we think about
just 100 years ago,
women couldn't vote in
this country, right.
And so while as women we
have this incredible external
freedom, we have
a lot of freedoms
to vote, to choose who
we want to mate with,
to decide what kind of
job we want to have,
which is great in
America, in this country.
But internal
freedom, not as much.
We're still chained to these
ideas of who we should be.
>>LISA: Yes, in very many ways.
That's why there's
such a struggle.
And this conversation
by all means
has nothing to do
with against men.
>>AMARA: Absolutely, absolutely.
>>LISA: And it's all about
women and not reclaiming
their power from men, just
reclaiming our personal power.
>>AMARA: Yes, exactly.
>>LISA: And being OK
with spreading our wings
and having that.
But let's talk about the female
competition a little bit.
When one does have those
great successes or those wings
get spread, why do other
women want to cut them down?
>>AMARA: We've been
taught that there's
a scarcity of resources,
there's a scarcity of partners,
there's a scarcity of money.
And when we live
in scarcity, when
the belief is there's
scarcity, then of course you're
going to start competing,
because there's
that fear of there's
not enough for me,
so therefore I have to
compete against her.
And so the depth
of the competition
is this feeling
sense of survival,
that the only way I can
survive is to be better than.
>>LISA: Probably came
from the caveman days
where there were just a
few men and a lot of women.
>>AMARA: Possibly.
>>LISA: Yeah.
>>AMARA: Yeah, and so we have
to become really aware of where
that impulse and where the
training comes from and realize
that, if we look back
at a lot of tribes,
women were very connected,
there wasn't competition.
There was deep,
deep cooperation.
>>LISA: Yeah, I
always love the--
and you probably
know more about this
than I do-- about the tents,
that women would come in
to have their menstrual cycle.
And they would sit in
the tents for days.
>>AMARA: Yes.
>>LISA: And just to communicate.
>>AMARA: And just
communicate and
have a break from the
rest of the world,
to deepen the connection
between women.
>>LISA: It runs really, really
deep in such a polarizing
way, in a way that we feel
less than, but then in a way
that we feel
completely connected.
>>AMARA: Yes, yeah.
And the more that we do
things where we feel connected
with women, what I've seen--
that's one of my passions is
creating community and helping
women to come
together to realize,
oh, we don't have to compete--
then everything
changes in their lives.
>>LISA: Well, there's
competing with others,
but there's also
competing with yourself.
>>AMARA: Yes.
>>LISA: It's that we're so
hard so hard on ourselves.
>>AMARA: So hard on ourselves.
>>LISA: Yeah.
>>AMARA: Exactly.
>>LISA: How do we get over this?
>>AMARA: Part of
it is recognizing
that that image of
perfection that we create,
you can't live up to
it, there's no way.
>>LISA: Right.
>>AMARA: We think, oh,
well, I'll just do this.
I did this for a year,
I ran an experiment.
I'm like, I'm just going
to do everything that would
be if I was perfect I would do.
>>LISA: Yeah
>>AMARA: And at the end of
the year, I was like I got it.
And of course,
that voice doesn't
go good job, HeatherAsh,
high five, you rock.
It was like, oh,
we didn't really
mean that, we really meant this.
And I really got, you can't
win against that voice.
And I think that's the
most important thing
for women to understand.
>>LISA: So what did you do.
You set out a perfect journey
or a perfect environment,
or what did you do?
>>AMARA: Whatever that voice
said of you should be nicer
or you should be more bold, and
I just did everything that it
said, which was really crazy.
>>LISA: Yeah.
>>AMARA: And then
I just watched what
the reaction was internally.
And there was this
feeling sense of,
OK, now I'm doing what
I'm supposed to be doing.
But it would always
change the rules.
>>LISA: That's
what perfectionism
is, it's an endless
chase, it's a mirage.
>>AMARA: It is.
>>LISA: It's like
chasing a rainbow.
It doesn't exist.
>>AMARA: It doesn't exist.
>>LISA: Unless you're perfectly
OK with exactly the way it is.
>>AMARA: Exactly.
>>LISA: And that's
what perfect is.
>>AMARA: That's what perfect is.
And so for women to start
looking in the mirror,
I don't know any
woman, or there's
very few women that look in the
mirror and are just, like, ah--
>>LISA: I know.
>>AMARA: Hi, beautiful,
you're so great.
We're like, my nose.
>>LISA: Even models, even
people that you would say
would be displayed on magazines
as the picture of beauty,
they see flaws in themselves.
>>AMARA: Absolutely.
>>LISA: It's an innate thing.
Where do you think
that comes from?
>>AMARA: I just
think it's trained.
If there were no
mirrors-- imagine
if there were no mirrors
and there was no media.
>>LISA: Oh, we'd looked
down and we'd see it.
>>AMARA: There's no newspaper.
But we wouldn't have
an image of this
is what a woman is
supposed to look like.
We have no concept of that.
It would just be,
oh, this is my body.
>>LISA: But even back in
Marilyn Monroe days and where
she was a sex symbol, it
was a different symbol
than it is now.
>>AMARA: Absolutely.
>>LISA: It's change.
>>AMARA: It's changed.
And the style has changed.
And that partially shows
you, it's not real,
it's not based on anything real.
If it was based on something
real, it would be consistent.
It's not consistent, because the
flavor of what we want changes.
Now it's skinny, 96 pounds.
Before it was
voluptuous, more rounded.
>>LISA: Right.
>>AMARA: Yeah.
>>LISA: So the basic
bottom line here
is, how do we satisfy our
own need with what we want.
>>AMARA: Yes.
>>LISA: And what
does that look like.
>>AMARA: To go towards
what do you want to feel.
>>LISA: OK.
>>AMARA: To start
stepping back from what
do I look like and start
to go inside and say,
how do I want to
feel in my body.
How do I want to feel in my
relationship to other people?
And to find the feeling quality.
So that might be, I
want to feel peaceful,
I want to feel comfortable in
my skin, I want to feel excited.
It can be a lot of
different things.
But once you have that
focus, then instead
of always comparing yourself
to who you should be,
now you're on a
quest of, how do I
bring that feeling sense of
being comfortable with my skin
into my body.
>>LISA: Well, I, mean
here's an example.
When you go home and you get
into comfortable clothes.
>>AMARA: Yes.
>>LISA: You usually look
like you have bags on, right?
Who wears really tight
skinny clothes at home?
>>AMARA: Right, right.
And you feel comfy.
>>LISA: Well, no, when you get
into comfortable, loose-fitting
clothes and you
feel great, there
is not an acceptance to wear
that outside of the home.
What is that?
>>AMARA: Yeah, because
there's this idea
of what you should look like.
And it's a balance.
Because, for me, what
I'm working to do
and helping to train
other women to do
is to feel comfortable in
one's skin, no matter what,
even if there's a
particular way that
is beneficial to look because
it'll help you in society.
That's great, put that role
on, put that costume on,
but it's a costume.
And they know you
can take it off.
>>LISA: Right.
>>AMARA: And that
the real you isn't
any costume, it isn't any
role-- mother, businesswoman,
they're all roles.
>>LISA: Yes.
So let's talk about
several things here,
let's talk about
speaking our truth, .
Let's talk about what it feels
like to be full of boundaries.
Let's talk about these
things that redefine women,
speaking our truth.
>>AMARA: Absolutely.
Often what I see
us do is that we're
afraid to speak our truth
because we're either
afraid we're going
to hurt somebody
or we're going to be abandoned.
>>LISA: Because we're sensitive.
>>AMARA: Because
we're sensitive.
And we don't want to hurt
anyone, we want to be nice,
we want to be kind.
And we also don't want
people to go away.
And so we often then are
moderating our voice.
But learning to speak
our truth and really
stand in what's authentic for us
doesn't mean we have to be mean
or have to be like, rah, this
is the way it is, period.
We can be incredibly
compassionate
and learn to speak our
truth at the same time.
And it's the same
thing with boundaries.
Often with telling the truth
and with making boundaries,
what I see is we often wait.
I don't want to do it,
I don't want to do it.
And then when we do
it, we're like, ah--
this incredible frustration
or aggression because we've
been holding it back.
Whereas when you learn to
open to what your truth is
and really love
what your truth is,
it's really easy to share
it with other people.
>>LISA: Well, part of it is
wanting to be peacemakers.
Women tend to be peacemakers
of the family and of the tribe,
and they bring in the peace.
And when there's
adversity or when
there's ill feelings or
people don't like you,
it doesn't bring
peace to the tribe.
So do we have to just be
comfortable with the fact
that there isn't peace?
>>AMARA: Yeah, my motto is
to get comfortable with being
uncomfortable.
It's actually the
discomfort, the places
where it's uncomfortable
where the most change happens.
And when we're willing
to step towards that
rather than run away
from it and stand in,
OK, it's uncomfortable,
and this is what is.
>>LISA: And not try to fix it.
>>AMARA: And not try to fix it.
Exactly.
Not care take.
>>LISA: Not try to make it nice.
>>AMARA: Let other people
be uncomfortable as well.
>>LISA: We were raised to
be nice girls, weren't we?
>>AMARA: We were.
Yeah, and we're good at it.
And it is, it's like giving
up something that you're
really good at
for something that
feels really awkward and scary.
>>LISA: Well, it's not truthful.
But then there is
a backlash of we're
not going to be nice girls,
were going to be anything but.
>>AMARA: Yeah, pendulum.
>>LISA: Does that have to happen
to come to a middle ground?
>>AMARA: It often
does, it often does.
It's not necessary.
But a lot of times,
there's a swing
as we're trying
to find our voice.
Think about it, if you've
repressed your voice
for your entire life and
every time you're at work
your co-workers are like, where
do you want to go to lunch.
And your response is, I don't
know, where do you want to go.
And one day you decide, I'm
going to speak my truth.
Either you go, Italian, I
want to go to, like, err!
Or, well, I'd like to go to
Italian, would that be OK.
Oh, you want to go to Mexican?
OK, Mexican, we'll do Mexican.
You either over--
>>LISA: Yes.
>>AMARA: Or go back, right?
>>AMARA: And so there's
that uncomfortable place
of going through the process
of staying with yourself.
>>LISA: Is that what
a warrior goddess is?
>>AMARA: Absolutely, absolutely.
>>LISA: Being OK with
being with yourself,
but not being
aggressive with it.
>>AMARA: Yeah, yeah, being
in your process and staying
with yourself.
So if you make a mistake,
that you go correct and it.
And know that it's messy.
Learning about
ourselves and learning
to rewire all these
patterns that we have,
it can be messy at times.
But when we're
paying attention, we
can then clean it
up and try again.
And that's how we learn.
>>LISA: When women
come to your workshops,
what's the biggest
thing as a collective
that women have to work through?
>>AMARA: One of
the biggest things
is apologizing for ourselves.
And I've really studied this in
myself and watched other women,
it looks like we're apologizing
because we're being nice.
But what most of us are
actually apologizing
for is taking up space, is
just having being on the planet
and taking up space.
You don't realize it, but if
you start watching yourself,
I mean, how many women,
somebody stomps on your toe,
and you're like, I'm sorry.
>>LISA: Yes.
Or you bump into
someone, I'm sorry.
>>AMARA: Yeah, I'm like, oh.
>>LISA: Yeah.
>>AMARA: And there's
this shrinking.
I tell women when we do the
workshops, if you're late,
please don't do this.
Just come in, practice.
And we always say to each
other, somebody apologizes,
we immediately say,
you're beautiful--
to rewire.
>>LISA: Oh, nice.
>>AMARA: It's so sweet.
And then you go,
oh, that's right.
I don't need to
apologize for myself.
>>LISA: I don't need to.
>>AMARA: Yeah.
>>LISA: It is definitely
ingrained in the culture
of women.
>>AMARA: It is.
And then you learn how
to really apologize.
>>LISA: How's that?
>>AMARA: That when you
actually do something
that is hurtful to somebody,
then you can actually show up
and say, I am so sorry.
I know that must have
had a big impact for you.
And it's sincere, you're
fully in the apology.
But you're not beating
yourself up about it.
You know, OK, I
made a mistake, let
me apologize, and then move on,
and learn from that mistake.
>>LISA: Well, about that
authenticity, when women don't
speak their truth to other
women, when they say,
look, you did this
and it really hurt me
or maybe you can do
this in a different way
and it will serve you better,
women don't do this very often.
>>AMARA: They don't.
>>LISA: Yeah.
>>LISA: I wish we would.
>>AMARA: I do, too.
Yeah, yeah.
>>LISA: So in this
"Warrior Goddess Training,"
we actually have a
video here of you
talking about
that, about what it
means to be a warrior goddess.
Check it out.
>>AMARA: We're coming
back home to ourselves.
And we do this by blending these
two really important energies.
The first energy is warrior.
What does it mean
to be a warrior?
Well, the warrior quality
is about focus, clarity,
commitment, 100%.
So the movement that goes with
it, you can do this with me,
[EXHALES] is this.
So that bringing yourself
together, knocking things over
as you do it,
[EXHALES],, total focus,
total clarity, bringing yourself
100% here, committing to you.
The goddess energy
is about opening.
It's about bigness, it's about
creativity, receptivity, joy.
So the movement is [SIGHS].
Do it again, I
like the sound too.
[SIGHS] So you can
feel that when we
open into that goddess energy.
And there's a lot of different
ways to be a goddess,
there's not just one.
That we are able to feel
our way through things.
I feel like the warrior
energy says, I'm going here
and I'm going to get there
as quickly and as efficiently
as I can.
And the goddess energy
says, ooh, we're
traveling along this path, let's
see who we can bring with us
and how we can
bring love and joy
and creativity on our journey.
So we want both, to bring
both these energies together.
And it's not that
warrior goddess
is about you're a
good warrior goddess
if you're a 50% warrior
and 50% goddess.
Really, what we're
wanting to do is
find what's your unique
expression in the world.
What's your essence?
And for some of us, we're
much more warrior-oriented.
more goddess-oriented.
And you may find you're 50/50.
It's all good.
But we're here to let go
of the old shells of who
we've been so that we
can find out who we are.
And it's a beautiful
exploration of letting
go of old belief
systems, old agreements
that we've taken on from our
families, from our church,
from our peers.
So that we get to write our own
moral code, what's true for us.
And that's the
warrior goddess way.
>>LISA: I like that in the
video you talked about being
a warrior and being a goddess,
but being it at the same time .
You're not either a warrior or--
>>AMARA: A goddess.
Exactly.
And that place that we're
not trying to be 50%,
we're finding what's
our flavor, what is
our mix of those two energies.
Because those energies
are both so important.
>>LISA: What are
examples of women
in the world that we would
know as public figures that
are warrior goddesses?
>>AMARA: So many.
>>LISA: Good.
>>AMARA: I think about,
let's think of this.
The women in the
Me Too Movement.
So the women that
are speaking up,
even though it's
incredibly scary,
definite warrior goddesses.
>>LISA: In the face of
very strong public figures.
>>AMARA: Exactly.
>>LISA: That are men.
>>AMARA: Yeah, exactly.
>>LISA: And they're going
to have to continue,
and they're going to have
to keep going into battle.
>>AMARA: Yes.
>>LISA: Over and over again.
And getting torn down and
getting publicly shamed.
>>AMARA: Yeah, and
standing back up again
and standing back up again.
Yeah, I think of
also the youngsters
that are now stepping
out and really talking
about gun control or
talking about issues that
are really important to them.
There are some amazing
young women that are like,
we're not going to do it the
way it's been done before.
Things have to change.
>>LISA: Because it didn't work.
I mean, that's how
we got to this place.
>>AMARA: Yes.
>>LISA: Are there
warrior goddesses
that you have as an example that
don't go into battle like that.
>>AMARA: Absolutely.
I immediately think about
a dear friend of mine.
She's like, I'm not an
activist, I sit and I pray,
and that's my service.
I vision what's possible.
And as a young
activist at the time,
I was like, well, that
doesn't work at all.
And now, I'm like, thank
you for doing that,
because we need the people
that are out in the world that
are making change.
But I also really believe
we need the people that
are going in that are getting
still, that are praying,
that are visioning
new possibilities.
>>LISA: Yes.
>>AMARA: And everything in
between, everything in between.
>>LISA: I notice that
I get to those bases,
but then I get sucked back into
my life where I get overwhelmed
very quickly with duties at
home and all that goes with that
and trying to work
in between and--
>>AMARA: Yes.
>>LISA: Aging parents,
and you get pulled.
>>AMARA: It's so
easy to get pulled.
>>LISA: Yeah.
>>AMARA: Yeah, and that place
of going towards the stillness,
and that's the best way.
One of the best ways to
get to know ourselves
is to start to weave more
stillness into our lives.
So we're so habituated, there's
a little gap in our life,
and we're like, palm.
>>LISA: Yeah.
>>AMARA: Right?
Or let me worry about
what's coming up.
>>LISA: Right.
>>AMARA: And so.
>>LISA: We plan.
>>AMARA: Let me plan.
Yeah.
Let's make my list.
>>LISA: Yes.
>>AMARA: But you can
completely rewire your life.
And it it's challenging,
but it's also super simple.
Every time there's a gap, you're
waiting in line for coffee,
you're at the stoplight,
you're walking on your way
to the bathroom, and we have
hundreds of gaps every day
in our life to start
to train ourselves
to go towards stillness, to
breathe, to settle, to just
relax the body, to open,
to let intuition come in.
Because what we're
doing is we're
filling every single
second in our lives.
And we're doing that.
>>LISA: But I do that.
I take moments at the
stoplight and I take moments.
>>AMARA: Beautiful.
>>LISA: But then I think,
they're not enough.
>>AMARA: Image of perfection.
>>LISA: I must have more.
>>AMARA: I must have more.
Yes, yeah.
And then how to bring that
same stillness into the chaos.
>>LISA: That it's OK if you
have five moments like that,
it's OK if you have
25 moments like that.
>>AMARA: Exactly, yeah.
>>LISA: Every now and then
I'll take a phone call outside,
and I'll just walk around.
>>AMARA: Nice.
>>LISA: And just sit
in the sun for a minute
and look at water or something
that allows me to just go back
into that parasympathetic
nervous system that
heals the body, goes back into
repair, and loosens the back.
>>AMARA: Exactly.
It's all OK.
>>LISA: Let's talk
about feeling deserving.
Deserving to get a massage,
deserving to take a vacation,
or you're not working.
Deserving to take some time
off without feeling like it's
not enough.
>>AMARA: Learning to receive.
>>LISA: Ah, that's the word.
>>LISA: That's the word.
>>AMARA: Yeah, yeah.
And that deservability
in receiving,
often there's
incredible discomfort
in receiving because
we're trained to be givers
>>LISA: Yes.
>>AMARA: I'm valuable
if I'm giving.
If I'm receiving, there's
something wrong, I'm selfish.
>>LISA: Right.
>>AMARA: I'm not a good girl.
And it's again that willingness
to be uncomfortable and learn
how to receive.
And you can do it
in little ways.
Just like you said, going
outside and just being
in nature a little bit, you're
receiving from the Earth,
you're receiving from the sky.
That's a practice.
>>LISA: That counts.
>>AMARA: That counts for sure.
And anytime we're
changing a pattern
that we have to keep bringing
in little, little, little ways
to do it, little baby
steps I think about.
>>LISA: Receiving.
That's a big one.
It's almost like I have
to put it on my phone.
>>AMARA: Yeah.
>>LISA: To say, I need to--
>>AMARA: Now receive, yes.
>>LISA: You mentioned
that there's a way,
traits that you can do in order
to become a warrior goddess
and its way--
W-A-Y.
>>AMARA: Yes.
>>LISA: What does that mean?
>>AMARA: To connect
with your wisdom,
to connect with
your authenticity,
and connect with your yes.
So each of us has
this deep, deep wisdom
in our bones, women and men.
And to again go
into the stillness,
to be willing to
start to slow down.
And instead of
letting the mind say,
this is who you should be,
this is how things should
be going, to settle
into, allowing the wisdom
that we already have to arise.
And to let the intuition
come and start to guide us.
And we have to slow down.
>>LISA: Yes.
>>AMARA: Have to slow down.
>>LISA: Got to be still.
>>AMARA: In order
for that to come.
>>LISA: Well, with
the yes comes the no.
>>AMARA: Absolutely,
they go together.
>>LISA: Yes.
And you have to say
no to things that you
know will not work out,
even if you think they will.
That's a big piece.
>>AMARA: It is, and it's
that boundary piece that we
were talking about earlier.
I love this when I heard this--
anytime you're saying no,
you're saying yes to yourself.
Yes is so good.
>>LISA: Yep.
>>AMARA: And to learn
how to practice no,
without justifying, without
making this huge, like err!
Just no, it's a no.
You don't have to
say why it's a no.
You give yourself
permission to say no.
But it's going to be
uncomfortable probably
through the process.
>>LISA: Right.
>>AMARA: So that's that place
of not abandoning yourself.
Because what most of us do
is we try the new thing,
it's uncomfortable.
And we're like, oh, never
mind, that's not going to work,
I'm upsetting them.
And then boom, we have
abandoned ourselves
of what's actually true for us.
>>LISA: We abandon our no.
>>AMARA: We abandon our no.
So staying with, I say no, I
feel guilty, I feel scared,
I feel upset, I
feel like nobody's
going to love me anymore.
And then just be
with that feeling,
just open around it,
like, hi, sweetie.
I'm constantly like, hi sweetie.
>>LISA: Getting comfortable
with being uncomfortable.
Sometimes, I associate
being uncomfortable with,
well, I don't care.
And I don't care
isn't the same thing
as sitting with being
uncomfortable with not
being liked.
>>AMARA: Yeah, yes.
>>LISA: Big distinction there.
>>AMARA: Yeah, and then
staying with yourself.
Sweetie, everyone might not
like you in this moment,
but I like you, I'm right
here, I know this is scary.
If we change the
self talk, that's
what's the most critical,
because most of us
are so judgmental and
harsh towards ourselves
of how we speak.
>>LISA: I look at pioneers
like Oprah and many other women
that if they sat there
and said, oh, I'm
not OK with being a pioneer,
I don't think I'd do this,
I'll just be small,
we wouldn't have
half the things that
these wonderful women have
paved for us.
>>AMARA: Exactly.
>>LISA: So it
doesn't serve any one
to be acquiescent, although
you don't need to be aggressive
in order to do it.
>>AMARA: Correct, correct.
>>LISA: Yeah.
>>AMARA: There is a way that you
can be absolutely open-hearted,
present, compassionate,
listening to someone,
and saying no.
>>LISA: OK, so let's
talk about control.
When women or even men want
to control a situation,
does it usually mean that
they're out of control
with something in themselves?
>>AMARA: Often, and there's
a feeling of not being safe.
>>LISA: OK.
>>AMARA: So whenever we do
something like controlling--
I think that there's
four strategies,
controlling, pleasing,
isolating, and distracting.
And controlling and
pleasing are similar,
because we're pleasing
to control things.
But that place of I need
to control other people,
I need to control my environment
is because we don't feel safe.
>>LISA: Right.
>>AMARA: So the moment that you
have compassion for yourself
of, I'm not feeling safe
right now, OK, I am safe,
I don't need to fix the
world, the world is just fine.
I just need to come
back into the moment
and listen to what do I
need to feel safe in here.
>>LISA: But what about the last
time you felt that and you felt
you were safe, and you weren't?
>>AMARA: Yeah.
>>LISA: And that's
happened a lot.
>>AMARA: It happened a lot.
>>LISA: Yeah.
>>AMARA: Yeah, and to not
then stack those all together,
to not go back--
I call it disaster mind.
I'm going to look back and
grab all the other places I
wasn't safe to prove that,
see, I'm not safe now.
>>LISA: Of course.
>>AMARA: Instead of just
going, what do I need now.
The past is past, and of
course it's going to inform,
but there's a
difference between--
>>LISA: Inform is a good word.
>>AMARA: Saying that's
what's happening now
and really saying,
what's true now,
what's actually happening now.
And that's a skill set
to start to separate out
the past from the present.
>>LISA: And not
bring it forward.
>>AMARA: And not
>>LISA: A lot of what
you're talking about here
is practice, doing it
over and over again.
Practicing not saying I'm
sorry, practicing being safe
and not attaching
it to the past.
It's a lot of repetition.
>>AMARA: It's a
lot of repetition.
>>LISA: I don't think we're
all going to change all of this
by hearing one interview.
I think you have to do
this over and over again.
>>AMARA: I've learned
to love obstacles.
When an obstacle arises,
to be, like, hello,
because that's
where the power is.
>>LISA: You go right into it?
>>AMARA: Yep.
Not always, sometimes I'm
like, no, I don't want to.
>>LISA: I know.
>>AMARA: But I've trained myself
now to go towards the obstacle,
because that's
where the energy is,
that's where the healing is,
that's where the strength is
going to be built.
>>LISA: So you push
your own boundaries.
>>AMARA: I do.
>>LISA: And you say,
OK, this might not
be comfortable in the long
run, it's going to be safe.
And you go for it.
>>AMARA: Yeah, absolutely.
And it's that place of
challenging yourself
in sweet ways, so
it's very different.
Most of us have learned force--
you have to do it.
And so there's this resistance
that comes up and there's this,
I don't want to.
But we push ourselves, which is
really different than inviting
ourselves-- come on,
let's try something new,
let's challenge ourselves,
let's explore, let's expand.
>>LISA: I think
in the beginning,
women's marches were a
little bit like that,
they were forceful.
But in the long run, as the
longer you march and the longer
that you're on the journey,
it becomes about the community
that you're walking with.
>>AMARA: Yeah,
absolutely, absolutely.
>>LISA: Have you ever
done a women's march?
>>AMARA: A gazillion.
>>LISA: I'm sure.
You led them?
>>AMARA: Yes.
>>LISA: Are they
great experiences?
>>AMARA: Really
great experiences.
>>LISA: There's
been so many lately.
And in the face of the
whole Me Too Movement,
if we could talk about
that for a little bit,
of these of women who
are really speaking up.
It's not just the ones that
we see on TV, it's many women.
My question for you is, is it a
matter of not having boundaries
and we let these things
happen because we didn't know,
it wasn't wrong?
Or was it really that men just
didn't know how to treat women?
What do you think happened?
>>AMARA: It's such a mix.
It really is.
So in some cases,
it's women that
didn't feel like they could
stand up for themselves.
And sometimes that's
built into the culture,
like if you don't
let this happen,
you're not going to have a job.
And so it's built in.
So there's lots of very,
very difficult choices.
>>LISA: Where did that start?
>>AMARA: I just
think that anytime
you have an imbalance
of power, which
we have with men and women, that
there is then the people that
are in power then feel
like they have the right
to take whatever they want.
And the people that
aren't in power
think, well, in order for me
to get ahead I have to give,
even if I don't want to.
>>LISA: And that
was more old school.
I think there is
such a resurgence
of compassionate
men, of men that are
extremely sensitive to women.
And they love women and wouldn't
take advantage of women.
And I think all of
those men get coupled
into that bad guy, a predator,
and it is not fair to men.
>>AMARA: It's a
challenging time,
because we tend to be
really black or white,
the way our minds work.
And so we're like, either
they're good or they're bad.
It's like there are some
men that are consciously
preying on women.
There are some men that
are just unconscious
and don't realize what
their actions are doing.
>>LISA: Right.
>>AMARA: There are some
men that are very, very,
like I will never
cross a boundary.
>>LISA: Right.
>>AMARA: And are
actually holding
themselves back because they're
so scared to cross a boundary.
So there's this whole range.
>>LISA: Yes.
>>AMARA: And we have
to realize and really
listen to each of the different
stories and not try and make it
like it's all one
thing, because it's not,
it's very complicated.
>>LISA: I read an article about
the workplace, NBC, I think
was a major studio,
and they were
talking about how men relate
to women in the workplace now.
They don't like having
one-on-one conversations
with women any longer.
They won't have a
conversation with a woman
unless there's another
female present.
>>AMARA: Yes.
>>LISA: There's no
hugging, there's nothing.
And there's got to be a new
definition now of how to be.
>>AMARA: There really is.
>>LISA: Because I think both
sexes are both terrified
to speak to each other,
because in the workplace
they don't know
what the rules are.
Nobody's rewritten them.
>>AMARA: Nobody's
rewritten them yet, yeah.
>>LISA: So what
would you rewrite?
>>AMARA: What I would
rewrite is actually
educating every single person
on the planet around consent
and what consent actually is.
>>LISA: What is that?
>>AMARA: It's the
really clear respect
and honoring of somebody
else's boundaries
and not assuming that you know
what their boundaries are,
but that you're willing to ask.
And that there's an
incredible clarity of I
respect your space,
you respect my space,
and that we then negotiate that.
>>LISA: So we, I think,
have to take responsibility.
>>AMARA: Absolutely.
>>LISA: As well to
not confuse men,
and not to confuse ourselves.
>>AMARA: And I think
as women we have
to be really responsible
for what are our boundaries
and what are the messages
that we're giving.
And as men, men need to be also
really respectful of no means
no.
>>LISA: And-- and.
>>AMARA: Not very mixed message.
>>LISA: There's this whole
online dating community.
Swipe left, swipe right.
>>AMARA: Right.
>>LISA: Choose, compare.
>>AMARA: Yes.
>>LISA: This is again
perpetuating the problem.
However, it's extremely
acceptable in the younger
generation.
>>AMARA: Extremely.
It is, it is.
>>LISA: So how do we educate?
>>AMARA: We educate by
getting comfortable with being
uncomfortable.
>>LISA: OK.
>>AMARA: I mean,
that's a piece of it.
>>LISA: And also, they might
be perfectly fine with that.
That's consent, right?
>>AMARA: Exactly, exactly.
>>LISA: That's OK.
>>AMARA: And knowing what
our yes and our no is.
No, a handshake
might be comfortable,
and, no, a hug might not be.
And if we know that the
hug is uncomfortable,
we're just like, no, I'm
not wanting to hug, period.
And there's no, well,
I'll hug because I'm
going to look like I'm
not being kind, that we
know what our boundaries are.
And that does change as well.
>>LISA: They do.
>>AMARA: So we
honor where we are,
not where we think we should be.
And I think this is a big
thing that women-- again, we
abandon ourselves.
Because we think, well, I
should be able to do this,
or I should not have to
have this boundary here.
And that we change.
And so when we stay
with ourselves,
we're able to say, oh, right
now this feels really good.
Oh, but this doesn't.
And that we can communicate
it really, really clearly.
>>LISA: I think there because of
this huge backlash with the Me
Too Movement absolutely
voices need to be heard.
Absolutely.
So without being able to define
every single conversation out
there that men and
women have, it's
a matter of taking
personal responsibility
for what feels good for you,
and not to make something up
that isn't happening.
>>AMARA: Yeah, absolutely.
>>LISA: It's interesting.
What about the feeling of women
feeling like they were fraud?
Who am I to do this?
>>AMARA: Epidemic.
>>LISA: Who am I?
That whole thing, where
does that come from?
>>AMARA: Again, because women
have been trained that we're
not as valuable as men.
If you look 50 years
ago, the difference
between a boy and a girl
in a family, the boy
was the one that was going
to become the breadwinner,
and the girl was the servant.
>>LISA: Oh, OK.
>>AMARA: Right?
If you think about it that
way, not too long ago.
We're still carrying that.
>>LISA: Well, this
still absolutely
exists in other cultures.
>>AMARA: Yeah.
>>LISA: You grew up in Asia.
>>AMARA: Yeah, that
seriously exists there.
And it still exists
inside of us,
even though it looks like
we're more equal now--
we are more equal now.
No doubt, we've done
so much good work.
>>LISA: Yeah, in
America, though.
>>AMARA: Yes.
>>LISA: But other cultures
are absolutely fine with it.
So when we're not here
to make anyone wrong.
>>AMARA: Right.
>>LISA: But I'm making peace
right now in the world.
But I'm really thinking
about the traditions
that women want to
keep in other cultures.
And I don't want to
make that wrong, where
if a woman's place is to
keep a family together
and they make sacrifices
to do that in order
to hold on to
tradition, and that's
the choice, that is a choice.
>>AMARA: Yeah, beautiful.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, I really,
really agree with you.
We have to be very careful
not to put our point-of-view
onto other cultures and say,
everyone should be this way.
>>LISA: Ultimately,
we are American women.
And we have a history in
this culture of America
that we have become
resilient to.
And it's redefined for us.
It is not necessarily,
and we have
a lot of international viewers,
so it's not necessarily
like that for everyone.
>>AMARA: Absolutely, absolutely.
>>LISA: At the
same time, though,
every woman can in their own
way be a warrior goddess.
>>AMARA: Absolutely.
>>LISA: Right?
>>AMARA: There's no external
definition of you're
a good warrior goddess
if you do it this way.
It's an internal, your
relationship with yourself.
Absolutely.
And knowing that
commitment, 100%, I'm here,
and that I'm open
and I'm receptive,
that's internal work.
Yes.
>>LISA: Have you
heard the concept
of the universe being more of
the rise of the feminine right
now and the ascension
of the feminine?
Do you know if that's
happening universally?
I mean, we talk
about the universe.
>>AMARA: I think it is
happening universally.
I think that we're balancing
things out right now,
and I think
sometimes, because we
do tend to be so black
or white, it's like, OK,
now women need to be in power.
No, we need to
have women's voices
as part of the whole buffet of
life, and women's viewpoints.
And there's been a lot of ways
that women have been shut out
of sharing their viewpoint
and their perspective,
which is really
incredibly valuable.
And we're bringing that
now to find the equality.
>>LISA: That makes the rise
of the feminine universal.
I like that.
Could we talk about something
that you're an expert at,
which is time management?
Why are women not experts at it?
>>AMARA: Because we want to
say yes to everything, often.
I know that was my
issue, is that I
wanted to say yes to everything
and please everybody and--
>>LISA: Take multiple jobs.
>>AMARA: And take multiple
jobs and say always.
And to make boundaries
was just excruciating.
So what I learned is there
was a point in my life
where I had
everything I wanted--
I had written a book, I
had an amazing community,
I was in a great
relationship, and I was nuts.
I mean, I was just so
overextended and burnt out.
>>LISA: But it looked
like you had it all.
>>AMARA: Yeah, it looked
like I had it all.
And I was like, something's
wrong, something's wrong.
If I have all of these
things that I've been wanting
and I can't enjoy them.
>>LISA: And you're not happy.
>>AMARA: I'm not happy.
Yes.
So actually I closed
the center down
that I had, I went on
the road for a year,
and just let everything
go for a while,
and started this quest
of how do we change our--
how do I change,
it's very personal,
how do I change my
relationship to time.
Because my relationship
to time was wrong,
it was off is what I
felt. Because I believe
there wasn't enough, and
I had to do everything,
I had to be perfect
at everything.
>>LISA: Had to do it all.
So what did you do instead?
What is your new
relationship with time?
>>AMARA: It's so fun.
What I recognized is part of it
was this linear, da da da da.
And what I started
learning is that when
we're clear about what
I call our true work is,
what we're clear
about what we're here
to bring or to
experience, and I'll
talk about that
more in a second,
that we then go back
into the cycles.
And it's so
beautiful, because you
get really clear about
what you want and you
listen when it's time to take
action, when it's time to rest.
I am constantly
waiting for signs,
whereas before I
would've been like,
I just have to take action.
>>LISA: Right.
>>AMARA: Now I'm like, I
don't know, let me wait.
And the information will come.
And things just happen
in such a different way.
There is an effort.
>>LISA: And they do happen.
Is this how you manifest things?
>>AMARA: Yep.
>>LISA: It just happens.
>>AMARA: It just happens.
Yeah, yeah.
It's beautiful.
And the flow now is
so different than how
I was in relationship with time
before, because I just trust.
There's plenty of time.
>>LISA: Then you
opened it all up.
>>AMARA: Yeah.
>>LISA: Although you still
have places to be and--
>>AMARA: Absolutely.
>>LISA: Workshops.
>>LISA: And things like that.
So in your workshops,
you do a firework, right?
>>AMARA: Yes.
>>LISA: Tell me about that?
>>AMARA: It's the best.
So I learned fire
walking 30 years ago.
And we build a big fire, and
then I teach people about fear,
how to use fear as energy,
how to not use fear
to stop themselves, but
actually use it as a resource.
The fire burn down to coals,
and then I take people out
and walk them across.
So it's optional,
whoever wants to walk.
But what's so lovely
about fire walking
is it's an instantaneous
transformation.
Because one of the
first agreements
we've learned as
kids is fire is hot.
>>LISA: Right, of course.
>>AMARA: So the moment
you watch somebody
walk across 1,300 degree
coals, that agreement changes.
You're suddenly, like, OK,
wait a minute, what else
am I believing that's not true.
>>LISA: I did if I walk at Tony
Robbins, one of his events.
And what I really,
really got out of it
is how to change your state.
>>AMARA: Yes.
And you can do it like that.
>>LISA: You could
do it in an instant.
You can be in complete
fear, and actually there
was thousands of people there.
And I got all the way up to
the front, and I chickened out.
And I went all the way through
to the back of the line.
>>AMARA: All the
way to the line.
>>LISA: But the interesting
thing about that journey
is that I had to walk
past everyone in order
to get back to the
back of the line.
>>AMARA: Wow.
>>LISA: And that was
my journey, right?
>>AMARA: That was your journey.
>>LISA: What am I thinking?
So I just got back in line.
It was so easy.
But I had to go through
this journey of drama
and this whole thing.
And I realized how many times
I did that in my life and--
>>AMARA: Such a good reflection.
>>LISA: Yeah.
Actually, take a look at
this video of a firewalk.
Take a look.
>>: (SINGING) Earth my
body, water my blood.
Air my breath, and
fire my spirit.
Earth my body, water my blood.
Air my breath, and
fire my spirit.
Earth my body, water my blood.
Air my breath, and
fire my spirit.
Earth my body, water my blood.
Air my breath, and
fire my spirit.
Earth my body, water my blood.
Air my breath, and
fire my spirit.
Earth my body, water my blood.
Air my breath, and
fire my spirit.
Earth my body, water my blood.
Air my breath, and
fire my spirit.
>>LISA: So this is a part of
all of your warrior goddess
trainings, is the firewalk?
>>AMARA: Most of
my trainings, we
do Friday night, Saturday,
firewalk Saturday night,
and then Sunday.
And it's amazing to watch the
transformation that happens
in that short amount of time.
>>LISA: On a Sunday, right?
>>AMARA: Yes, yes.
>>LISA: These guards are
down, and, yes, wide open.
>>AMARA: Yeah, and the women are
like, everybody was a stranger
and now I'm so connected
to all these women.
>>LISA: But what about when you
go back into your daily life,
is there a protocol that
you can carry with you
or a shield you can take with
you to go back into your life
so that you won't seep
back into your old ways?
>>AMARA: Yeah, I
always invite women
to create something physical,
to have a bracelet or a necklace
or a ring or something,
some little thing,
to remind of the possibility.
Because really, what
the firewalk is about
and the work that
I do is that we're
not as limited as
we think we are
and to have an anchor to that.
And to also build community.
That's so critical.
>>LISA: It could be online
community or whatever.
>>AMARA: Exactly.
>>LISA: Of the women that you
go through the course with.
>>AMARA: Yes, yeah.
We have a huge
warrior goddess tribe
on Facebook, which is amazing.
Because like, I'm
struggling with this,
and there will be 100 women
that will say, I'm with you,
I've got you.
>>LISA: Ah, great.
>>AMARA: That's really sweet.
>>LISA: And I'm going to Me Too.
>>AMARA: Yeah, yeah.
>>LISA: Yeah, that's fantastic.
And then help people change and
move along, which is important.
So what's on the
frontier for you?
What are you into now?
>>AMARA: I'm really delving
into right now truth and intent.
How to help people and
how to help myself.
Most of us live in
feeling and story,
and we're bouncing back
and forth between the two.
The story creates the emotion,
the emotion creates a story,
and we go back and forth.
And to step out of
that and to step
into the stillness of
being in relationship
to the truth, which
isn't about words.
It's about a feeling sense,
a knowing in your body.
And also this idea
of intent, that
when we're really clear about
what our intent is, what
we want to create, and we
hold that and surrender it
up and let it go, that we're
in different relationship
with the universe.
>>LISA: Didn't you just recently
do this, it's a big move.
>>AMARA: Yes, absolutely.
>>LISA: What did you do?
>>AMARA: Just there's so
many pieces with this.
But I was living
in Harlem, I was
living in New York
City, which I loved.
And I was going to be
moving to Santa Fe.
And I had this
feeling, I'm like,
I'm not ready to move to
Santa Fe, I'm not ready.
And usually in the
past, I would've
been like, we're moving,
you've already made the choice.
But I got really quiet, I'm
like, nope, it's just not time,
there's something else.
And I ended up getting really,
really quiet and going,
what's true.
And it's like, I'm not ready,
and I want my own place.
I ended up buying an Airstream.
>>LISA: It's so cool.
>>AMARA: It's so cool.
So now I have my
own little home.
Because I'm on the road all
the time, and I realized,
I need something
that's just mine.
>>LISA: Yes.
>>AMARA: Where I can nestle in.
>>AMARA: So it was
a risk in a way,
but it's also been
just such a gift.
>>LISA: Then you've
learned how to navigate
the whole thing yourself.
>>AMARA: I've learned
how to navigate
the whole thing myself.
>>LISA: I'd love
to see pictures.
>>AMARA: Yeah, it's so fun.
>>LISA: To get
pictures of that one.
>>AMARA: And there's been lots.
I mean, it's been a high
learning curve for sure.
>>LISA: Now along
the way, there had
to have been a lot of mistakes.
>>AMARA: Definitely.
>>LISA: Share with us.
>>LISA: Which is great, so
we can laugh at ourselves.
>>AMARA: Yes,
absolutely, absolutely.
Just in relationship
to the Airstream,
which just cracked me
up, is I was unhooking it
and I forgot to chuck
the back of the wheels.
So the whole trailer, as I
unhook it from the truck,
the whole thing
moves back a foot.
And I'm trying to grab
at it, like 4,000 pounds.
>>LISA: Like you're
going to do anything.
>>AMARA: Luckily, it stopped.
But I was like, OK, note
to self, chuck the wheels.
And that's such a good metaphor
for the rest of my life--
make sure that you're set.
>>LISA: And you can do the
hook-ups, everything, yourself.
>>AMARA: Yeah.
>>LISA: Which is so cool.
>>AMARA: Yeah, it is.
It's really cool.
Makes me feel really like, ah!
>>LISA: Yeah.
>>AMARA: Yeah--
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
>>AMARA: Yeah.
>>LISA: Warrior Goddess.
>>AMARA: Exactly.
>>LISA: I wanted to ask
you, and I ask my guests
this, your biggest
reason, your biggest why
that you do what you do?
>>AMARA: So many
reasons, but I'd
say the biggest why is to
bring more just pure love
into the world, of people
getting that sense that I had
with that seven-year-old
when I was seven, that we are
all so much more deeply
connected and similar than we
are different.
And that when we start to
separate out from our minds
and really come into our heart
and come into our bodies,
that the world is a really
benevolent, beautiful place.
>>LISA: Yes, it's true, it is.
And that men, women
all alike can connect
in a warrior goddess way.
>>AMARA: Absolutely.
>>LISA: I'd like to see the
warrior goddess men school.
>>AMARA: It's coming.
>>LISA: OK, good.
>>AMARA: Yes.
>>LISA: All right,
well, thank you
so much for showing us what it
means to be warrior goddesses,
and that it's all good.
It is all good.
>>AMARA: Thanks, Lisa.
>>LISA: Thank you so much.
And if you would like to check
out more inspirational videos,
you can go to Gaia TV and look
up "Inspirations on Gaia."
I'm Lisa Garr.
And until next time, I
invite you to stay aware.
[MUSIC PLAYING]